Date controls updates (#5892)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: .changeset/curly-planes-remain.md

    default:
      return undefined;
  }
};

<Calendar
  createAnnouncement={customCreateAnnouncement}
  timezone="UTC"
/>
```

- `CalendarNavigation` has new props `PreviousButtonProps` and `NextButtonProps` to pass props to the navigation buttons.
  These props can be used in place of `onNavigateNext`, `disableNavigateNext` and `onNavigatePrevious`, `disableNavigateprevious`.
- `CalendarNavigation` has removed props `onMonthSelect` and `onYearSelect`, use `MonthDropdownProps` and `YearDropdownProps` instead.

```diff
<CalendarNavigation
-  onMonthSelect={handleMonthSelect}
+  MonthDropdownProps={{
+    onChange: handleMonthSelect
+  }}
-  onYearSelect={handleYearSelect}
+  YearDropdownProps={{
+    onChange: handleYearSelect
+  }}
-  onNavigatePrevious={handlePrevious}
-  disableNavigatePrevious={isPreviousDisabled}
+  PreviousButtonProps={{
+    onClick: handlePrevious,
+    disabled: isPreviousDisabled
+  }}
-  onNavigateNext={handleNext}
-  disableNavigateNext={isNextDisabled}
+  NextButtonProps={{
+    onClick: handleNext,
+    disabled: isNextDisabled
+  }}
/>
```

- `CalendarNavigation` now adds tooltips to out of range dates.

> - When a Calendar has a min/maxDate and the user navigates to a month outside of that range, the Calendar will now automatically navigate back to the closest valid month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When a Calendar has a `minDate` or `maxDate` and the user navigates to a month outside of that range, the Calendar will now automatically navigate back to the closest valid month.
```
